feat: add depth parameter in git source of v1beta1 API (#1890)
shipwright-io/build: docs/build.md

- `source.git.url` - Specify the source location using a Git repository.
- `source.git.cloneSecret` - For private repositories or registries, the name references a secret in the namespace that contains the SSH private key or Docker access credentials, respectively.
- `source.git.revision` - A specific revision to select from the source repository, this can be a commit, tag or branch name. If not defined, it will fall back to the Git repository default branch.

> - `source.git.depth` - The depth of the git clone. If not specified the default value is 1. Any value greater than 1 will create a clone with the specified depth. For a full git histroy clone depth must be set to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `source.git.depth` - The depth of the git clone. If not specified the default value is 1 which means that no history is cloned at all. This is the fastest way to clone a Git repository and in most cases enough as long as you don't have anything in your build logic relying on it. Any value greater than 1 will create a clone with the specified depth. For a full git history clone, depth must be set to 0. **Note**: If you specify a commit sha as revision, then the full history is always cloned before this commit is checked out.
```
